[AGM-2877] Added uBlock DNS info + changed the block sequence (#409)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBaseDNS: docs/general/dns-providers.md

|----------------|----------------------------------------------------|----------------|
| DNS, IPv4 | `45.76.113.31` | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=45.76.113.31&name=), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=45.76.113.31&name=) |
| DNSCrypt, IPv4 | Provider: `2.dnscrypt-cert.dns.seby.io` IP: `45.76.113.31`| [Add to AdGuard](sdns://AQcAAAAAAAAADDQ1Ljc2LjExMy4zMSAIVGh4i6eKXqlF6o9Fg92cgD2WcDvKQJ7v_Wq4XrQsVhsyLmRuc2NyeXB0LWNlcnQuZG5zLnNlYnkuaW8) |
| DNS-over-TLS | `tls://dot.seby.io` | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=tls://dot.seby.io&name=tls://dot.seby.io), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=tls://dot.seby.io&name=tls://dot.seby.io) |

> ### 18Bit DNS

Reviewer: если в алфавитном порядке хочется расположить, то этот тогда логичнее выше всего

[18Bit DNS](https://www.18bit.cn) is a free, encrypted public DNS service for the Chinese region that has been operating for many years. Consisting of over 10 endpoints, it provides users in the China region with fast, secure, and private DNS services. Additionally, it has malware and phishing protection.

| Protocol | Address | |
|----------------|----------------------------------------------------|----------------|
| DNS-over-HTTPS | `https://doh.18bit.cn/dns-query` | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=https://doh.18bit.cn/dns-query&name=18bitDNS), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=https://doh.18bit.cn/dns-query&name=18bitDNS) |
| DNS-over-TLS | `tls://dns.18bit.cn` | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=tls://dns.18bit.cn&name=18bitDNS), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=tls://dns.18bit.cn&name=18bitDNS) |

### uBlock DNS

> uBlock DNS is an ad-blocking DNS service developed by Uros Gazvoda. It is free, open source, customizable, and includes an online dashboard that does not require an email or password to access. It is not affiliated with uBlock Origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uBlock DNS is an ad-blocking DNS service. It is free, open-source, and customizable. It includes an online dashboard that does not require an email address or password to access. uBlock DNS is not affiliated with uBlock Origin.
```
